This is a head-gum original.
Last week with the debunker.
We'll talk about it on the show, but I was not happy with that.
Not happy with the recording video.
It was just a person.
He didn't record the video.
That's right.
Yeah.
Like and sort of here.
Thank you.
So it's good.
Right?
There goes that monetization.
Who needs monetization when you have matters of the heart.
So I'm sitting next to you and I can't really see it.
What is this song?
You guys don't remember this song?
I remember this song.
Any think half Ellie Golding maybe?
Ellie Golding.
Yeah.
Anything could and did happen.
Because we never thought you would die the night.
Last week.
You played that song just to say that.
I love this song.
Right?
Yeah.
Here's the thing, right?
I mean, I don't know how y'all feel, but I knew Jake would do it.
I knew he would get hitched.
I knew that he would find his mate.
Hmm.
What I didn't know was that at some point.
Blue and fell would follow suit.
Sorry.
Did you?
Did you not think a mirror would get married?
Or you didn't think it would find somebody.
What was that?
I can't hear you.
So you've interrupted me with the music.
So it's actually definitely fucking matters.
It's harder than the heart.
There you go.
It's hard here myself.
You have to stop playing.
We literally just, definitely this episode will not play.
Certain regions, if you play that song.
So you need to stop.
Last week.
That was unacceptable.
Also, so we talked with you for the entire hour.
And then Jeff just said that we didn't record video at the end.
The video was gone.
It was gone, girl.
Who's ultimately someone's calling you now?
He's calling you.
See.
Did you know California?
Should we start this episode over?
Are you kidding me? It's been good.
I forgot it.
Nine songs in the call.
You're just married.
Oh, man.
Had no visuals.
Yeah, congrats man.
Last week.
We did the pre enough show episode.
We drafted an agreement between you and obviously tall.
Was it legally binding?
It.
I got it.
No surprise.
We're in a fucking idea.
You guys have questions about our financials or assets.
How we plan to divide the wealth.
Casey was on that episode.
Do you want to speak to anyone?
Actually, it's important to have those conversations.
But I'm not on top.
But did you have them before?
I had, yes.
Of course, I had them before without Jeffrey in the room.
So the guiding.
The conversation.
Was it not arrived?
We didn't.
We didn't have to do anything.
No to rise.
No.
We just had.
So thank God that Jeff went to a notary.
Forced the signatures.
Got it.
Notarized.
Wow.
You know an odory.
I know an odory.
And I know an odory.
Private.
Wow.
Yeah.
So it's like flying private.
But forget it.
No to rise.
I was thinking about becoming an odory.
It's like a mobile that.
Yeah.
Getting the stamp.
But I do think you could make a decent amount of money for becoming an odory.
But I do think you could make a decent amount of money.
No.
You guys.
You're hungry.
Because sounds after the wedding.
Sounded.
You hung over, man.
It's been days.
So yeah.
Yeah.
That's cool.
And you think it happened.
People like to say that headgums are just friendly.
But then you have Marie-Colette.
Like chastising me, slapped me on the wrist with a ruler.
Anytime I use what?
Copyrighted music.
Yeah.
When was the last time?
All of us were in a room to pod together.
I don't know if we have ever had never.
Never.
This.
Yeah.
That's right.
Because it was on Zoom.
We had you guys zooming in.
The last time it was everybody.
This is the core six.
The core.
No, you're not.
You don't.
Don't say I'm sorry.
Because I know you're not.
So I'd rather you just interrupt and just fucking talk about it.
Rather than me.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
You don't.
You don't mean it.
Don't.
I get back.
I don't want you to say.
I don't want you to say I'm sorry.
I want you to go back.
You're not.
No.
Because that could hard for you.
You're not nice.
You love being a blooles flying over dine.
You lied.
I'm not stupid.
That's what I did.
Sorry, nothing to do.
You don't mean it.
Kindly worse it that I take a chance.
I thought we all had a good time at the wedding.
I feel like, a mirror is having regrets.
I think that's what's happening right now.
I don't know about the weather.
But in episode end, the weathering and the
up patrols, like there's a lot of moving pieces,
but this is somehow gun worse.
And it's just like we let the hell.
Yeah.
Can you imagine Jeff as a wedding planner?
Well, no, because you were a tank top to amuse with it.
Yeah.
Oh, it was a moment.
So all the heck of people were at one table, except Jake.
And, um, they were at a separate New York table.
That's whatever.
Yeah.
These pieces pile with the table.
He's from New York.
My shirt isn't fitting me, right?
I don't know.
I feel like I would underdress for this.
And then Marty was wearing a polo.
And I said, oh, at least you didn't wear a fucking polo,
like Marty and Marty all the time.
He goes, Jeff, we're a fucking tank top.
Why are you nobody talking about that?
What do you mean, I wore a polo?
Jeff is in a fucking white and he was sitting on his shit.
He got a first three and a half hours.
He was doing.
He was waiting for the opportunity to be called out.
What was that?
Are you wearing that tank top for me?
You said the word of the day.
I think you said opportunity maybe, different tank.
Yeah, you can hit the E.
Also, Jake, you've been on the show for like a minute,
because of the paternity thing.
That wasn't the only reason.
But yeah.
Back me up, man.
I, I, I, I.
Going to be behind the desk.
I feel honestly traps.
You know what I mean?
Need to be honest.
Um, we've already gotten into it a little bit,
but let's talk.
We were all at the wedding.
That's why we're all here.
And this is the post-nupcial episode.
We're going to get to all everything
that happens with the wedding.
That's absolutely not cool.
This one's like after the Riley, I think it was exactly right.
When you were like, oh, being married doesn't give you authority.
Right.
Gases back in the desk.
I'm about to take on his headgum, right?
Single handedly.
Yeah.
I own a little bit more than a mirror.
I've been able to, by back, stock from, oh, this is not square.
USV.
Gray, Mark Redfield.
Yeah.
It was docked up private and dust.
You're almost, you're always almost doxing.
Yeah.
That's true.
Is that fair to say?
Please believe me.
Time might not even kidding.
Please take that.
No, you've been in.
You might.
You do.
Like, I'm, I'm being your deadly serious.
Now you're just scared for a week, basically.
I'm 100%.
Yeah.
This is how, this is how **** shouldn't react.
That's a nice way to be like that.
But seriously.
I didn't cut that point.
You could have shut down.
Yeah, you have to cut that out.
Please.
I'm surprised that having, I'm surprised that having people get IRL mad at you a few times
hasn't stopped the bit.
I think it encourages it to carry on.
I'm here.
We've already touched on it a little bit.
Let's hear a little bit more from you.
The wedding.
Right.
If you remember.
You got.
Turned.
I've never.
I've never seen you on a show.
You were asking me if I wanted a bump of coke.
It was during the ceremony.
Yeah.
I was like, three, thirteen pieces.
Really.
I think you were also like a good amount of rows ahead of us.
So it's like, Marie could got up.
Went down the aisle.
We hold her to you.
Yeah.
Why would she want it?
Down the aisle with the flower girl.
Swat in the basket.
Yeah.
Turned to me the window over a mirror's great.
It was like, do you want a bump?
Yes.
It's great.
We sat on my dad and we didn't see it.
It was insane.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I thought it'd spice it up.
And you did it.
Oh, well, you know.
I appreciate the.
Joccularity.
But let's really let this be sort of a documentarian.
Everyone was having a good shot.
I know.
It's not really well made of child.
I should.
We should.
Yeah.
I like that.
We would have been waiting to talk about for days.
I say before, but that make it through your old.
Yeah.
How?
Why?
Let's go in sequence.
Yeah.
It was sort of a welcome dinner at Edenville.
Let's go to say it now.
We can say everything that happened because it's in the past.
Yeah, but also you have been saying where the wedding was.
So if you want to talk about high stakes doxing,
you'll have to have a chance to the wedding venue.
Yeah.
That was a big deal.
What was your blood work like last year?
What?
You didn't deal.
We showed up.
I would say Riley's hair looks the best.
I would say Jix looks.
You know her today.
Oh, I didn't know.
Yeah.
Riley's hair was a fake topic.
You have to think that was good.
Really?
That was.
It really was like Riley's hair.
I heard her.
I felt her hair is wedding.
Marjade's baby.
Marjade's birthday.
Right.
I'm happy to be with her.
We were in a circle.
We were hanging out catching up.
And then there's a little three-year-old child who I believe is the daughter of
of a mayor and obitel's friends.
She was running around and she was like going up to the group and just being like,
Boo!
Oh yeah.
She was trying to scare.
She was just kind of screaming and pulling.
It was very sweet.
We were all pretending to be scared.
Yeah.
I think that's the trick.
She did a lot.
And then Pile was screaming.
She was like, ah!
And Pile like leaned down.
And he was like, ah!
And they were kind of going out for a bit.
And then I guess Pile took it up one notch too far.
And it zeroed his 60's.
She was just like, ah!
She was like, run away.
That first we're like, is she laughing?
And then you just hear muffled.
Oh my God.
I'm like, Pile, you made that girl cry.
And he's like, no, I didn't.
I didn't see this within you.
From across the bar.
I just look up and I see this girl in her parents' arms.
And she's like, where are we going?
She's pointing it up.
I'm like, that's it.
That's it.
It was crazy though because I would say they were pretty evenly matched in terms of height.
No.
Oh my God.
They're pretty.
That's what we did in the episode, by the way.
Headphones next to you.
Yeah.
I can hear everything.
Still too loud somehow.
Yeah.
Evenly matched in terms of like the energy they were putting forth.
Like it was very much like the screams.
They were emitting were the same.
Right.
And she was crying.
She had the last scream.
Yeah.
And then ultimately ran away to turn sobbing.
But Pile maybe should have been the bigger man because he's 40 and she was three.
Totally.
Yeah.
He didn't do anything differently.
No.
But you have to.
You do have to think that that girl was doing the boo screaming thing at everyone.
Yeah.
Everyone gave it back.
And she was laughing with everyone.
Yeah.
One guy took it too far.
This is what I want to talk about.
No.
I think she wanted to come in.
I'm on his side.
Wow.
She needed to know and to stop the bit.
And it was like five minutes before.
Maybe that was maybe like Pile screaming at her.
Made her kind of going to her own head and be like.
Holy shit.
Is this like my thing at the party?
He's just so embarrassed.
Yeah.
She was screaming at everyone.
That was just to have a shepherd spine.
She'll out for now.
Yeah.
That was like Pile.
Like we're looking for him.
He's like, no, she's here.
I see her.
Yeah.
Like it doesn't have to be weird.
I mean, they were kind of enemies for the night.
Yeah.
At the reception.
I think she was walking past him.
And she had a bump into a shoulder of purpose.
And she was like.
She can't walk by the way.
Walk.
What?
How?
Let's talk about the flat for your own joke.
That's just transition music.
Is it?
It sounds of silence.
Claps are music to your ears.
People are plotting.
Is it a music of your life?
My favorite song is a staying out.
Well, I'm having it out.
We'll continue to talk about the wedding and sequence throughout the episode.
But let's talk about how everyone has been feeling post-nubsuals.
Let's start with Casey.
We're going to continue talking about the wedding.
Don't worry.
We'll circle back to the wedding.
Also, how is everyone feeling about the wedding?
We had a talk about the wedding.
Most of the talk about files.
Yeah.
Actually, we talked about the welcome dinner.
That's over.
Let's skip Sunday.
We'll come back to it.
Casey.
Thank you.
I feel pretty good.
I shot the wedding on a VHS camera.
And then I had to carry a battery pack in a pack pack.
The entire day.
You're back for yesterday.
Yeah.
I've been pretty stiff for a few days, but...
You can't say that.
Sorry.
I'm dancing myself.
Yeah.
I've had a heart on for a week.
You can't say that.
The foot is all that tape.
Yeah.
It turned out really well.
We did say it looks like a real old school wedding video.
What is it?
A real old school.
I love that you were getting interviews of people.
Like...
Fuck you guys.
Why are we quiet?
I was just gonna be...
I was talking.
Yeah.
I guess I'm just being interested in it.
I used to...
Yeah.
No.
I love how you got like wedding confessionals.
Testimonial.
It ultimately Geoff multiple times.
It was like my name is Geoff and I think Marie, because going to get the case.
No.
A little bit of a history of your wedding.
Yeah.
Just awesome.
Casey, you crushed it.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Well, you know, it's beautiful.
I couldn't have done it without the talent of the people at the wedding.
I think you could have because even your...
You know, your landscape shots are incredible.
Yeah.
You didn't need us at all.
And we should also say that multiple times during the night, all of us would look up from like...
Yeah.
The tables are whatever.
And just see Casey in the distance through some bushes.
Camerand hair.
Yeah.
I think it was obviously mom who planned the entire thing.
And then you in terms of who worked the hardest for me.
It did look like like if you didn't know...
We had a running narrative that it's like you were just some guy who like...
I felt like that.
I felt like that because most of the people there didn't know who I was.
Unscramble the beef on the headgun podcast.
You figured out where it was.
Anyway, that footage is now all behind our patreon patreon.com slash J.A.
Check out the secrets.
And you can go back to watch your speech at Jinks wedding.
That's right.
That is actually there.
I don't get to Jinks wedding.
Why?
This doesn't happen.
I don't think we will because we're still at the rehearsal dinner and how we felt the day after.
So you haven't even touched it.
Here's what it.
We're circling the wagon.
All right.
So let's say...
Let's just...
Let's just take Jinks wedding.
Let's just go all the way back to beacon.
Okay.
How was everyone's laurel canyon?
I mean, this is what he would say before the wedding.
I thought the venue was amazing.
The venue was cool.
It was cool.
It was cool venue.
And we went to a wedding there.
And so we experienced a wedding there.
And much like you guys were like, this place is great.
Sign us up.
Yeah.
And that's how we found our venue.
Actually, that little girl.
We've got about nine months.
Wow.
That little girl is the her parents are the wedding that we saw.
Who do you mean?
She is who Dini's great, great, great piece.
That's right.
That's why she was like walking around punching people.
Who will need something?
Yeah.
And that's why.
Yes.
That's why she was doing it.
How was your laurel canyon?
I mean, I've experienced it many times.
So I just really want to hear from you guys.
How did you love that street, right?
Or like that whole area that was going to be free, right?
I mean, you're going to take a first.
It's the boulevard.
You don't much traffic's on the bush.
You know what street I like in Laurel Canyon?
I like oak court.
That's nice.
That's still off Laurel Canyon, isn't it?
Rightly left her phone.
And...
Or Uber.
Yeah.
Ultimately, when we arrived.
I did.
So I am recap, I took an Uber.
We get to the venue.
Where we get there.
We see our friends.
We go to the bar.
We have a drink.
We have a Bruce Sketta.
And then I think, wow.
How are the apps?
I didn't get to experience that.
You didn't have the ham challenge.
You didn't have anything from the supermarket.
The music was great.
The light was gold.
It was...
It was Mary Archie Band.
And then I think, wow.
This is so beautiful.
I want to take a photo on my phone or take a video.
Like all my friends.
And then I reach into my purse.
Phone's nowhere to be found.
Oh wow.
So that's pretty far after the Uber has.
Yes.
We've been there for about 30 minutes.
Yeah.
Wow.
Good.
You're not even looking at your phone for 30 minutes.
Yeah.
I was like, wait a minute.
I had tweeted four times by that.
And then I'm like, fuck, fuck, fuck.
So I'm looking at, like, I'm looking at all the tables where it might be.
I look at the bar and nothing, nothing, nothing.
And then Jeff was like, I asked Jeff, I'm like,
Jeff was like, this is why I wish that we were sharing our locations with each other
because then I could see your phone.
And I'm like, okay, well, can I text Daniel from your phone?
So he knows that.
And I just, but I don't like the way that you,
that's not the tone that I took.
That is really what I did.
I really wish.
And like, and you're the barrier to entry.
We just don't.
We used to.
And then you stopped it.
Because I'm off the grid.
That's right.
So.
So then I text Daniel into the page.
And then I'm like, can you, because Daniel and I share each other's locations,
like, can you look and see where my phone is?
And in the meantime,
Jeff and I, well, Jeff's like,
you should have Daniel call your phone.
So it's ringing in the live and we do that.
And then it takes us maybe two times of day.
You're calling it for me to be like, you know, Jeff,
you could also call my phone.
You also have my number.
But then Daniel's screen shop.
The phone says it's at the Houdini estate.
Oh.
And so we're like interesting.
How did that happen?
Uber driver dropped it off.
At security.
And so multiple people.
Multiple people.
I've been like anyone lose their phone.
And we just had it though.
I hadn't seen it.
So I went.
I finally.
I grabbed it.
And then later.
At the reception.
We're chatting up with Billy Scuffiery.
And I think like I had my phone.
I was going to show him a picture of something.
And then he sees my background.
And he just like, he starts dying laughing.
And he's like, that's your phone.
Really?
Yeah.
And he's like, I've seen that phone a lot today.
Everyone's coming up to him asking if he had lost him.
I think it's just like he has to move on.
We have to move on.
I can have commercial burger.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, sometimes you don't know what's good for you.
You don't know what's going to feed your highest good kind of make you feel joy
for like a better turn.
Let alone getting wise.
But you know, your brain is getting in the way.
Like you know what you're supposed to do.
But you just can't bring yourself to do it.
And therapy helps you figure out what's holding you back.
So that you can work for yourself instead of against yourself.
Right?
I'm in therapy every single week.
Not this week.
I've had to reschedule.
But it really does help support my personal journey of getting to know myself better.
Right?
You know, what does feed me?
What does support me?
You know, maybe I should say no to one thing this weekend.
So I can have some time to rest.
Maybe I can do the opposite of that and make an effort to go see people that I've seen
in a while or like, you know, hang out with people that I haven't seen in a while.
Because that's going to feed me.
That's going to re-reaffirm my identity of myself,
etc.
And I only know that about myself through therapy.
Because I've been in it every week for the last four years,
almost five.
And I really can't recommend it enough.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy,
give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible,
and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist
and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Make your brain, your friend, with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% up your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
This show is brought to you by See the Thingets.
Are you a millennial that misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating, etc.
and are looking for hosts that offer a non-male bashing perspective?
But also, hold both sex as accountable?
Then you're going to love See the Thingets,
a podcast hosted by Grammy Award-winning R&B artist,
Bridget Kelly, and media personality and podcast trailblazer,
Mandy B.
Each week Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments,
political pop culture conversations in their honest segments,
and relationships slash hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real,
and it's brought to you by the genuine connections that Bridget and Mandy have with each other
and with their guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll also leave with some new music recommendations
or a full curated playlist that you didn't even know you needed
in their freshly squeezed music segments.
Some of their recent guests include Ari Lennox, Big Freedia, and Neo.
So, subscribe to See The Thingets on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday,
and new video episodes are available the following days on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Check it out.
Pause.
We just moved on.
Jeff told Casey to say that.
For how much money, like why did he do it so willing?
Because he's a free plug for the F1 podcast.
Or to the name of the podcast.
Yeah, of course.
But I didn't know it right until I said it.
I was stalling right up until that point.
Like a car.
Yeah.
That was a leap of faith.
Turkey just kept going.
Oh man, it feels like when you don't know someone's name is like,
and we're back.
We were on break.
So we had, we, you brought us back.
We're on break since we talked about pile making that kid cry.
Cut everything.
Yes.
I mean, I just have some post-squiding questions.
Then we'll get back into what we were just talking about.
Right.
We'll be talking, will you be taking,
I'd be told last name.
Maybe is that any more about that?
Yeah, I won't be taking your last name.
You don't want to be in my name.
Honeymoon or no?
If we do.
It's my next question.
A few months.
Not any time soon.
And where will you go?
I don't know.
Maybe a couple more.
Or maybe.
What did you say?
I said Lake Comon and Italian accent.
I think you said something crazy.
No, I didn't say anything.
Really?
Yep.
So that'd be nice.
Yeah.
I couldn't really have been to before.
You're still looking the summer.
I'd be cool.
Global warming though.
So you might not want to go somewhere that's like super hot.
Did you profit from the nut trolls at all?
Excuse me?
Did you?
So.
What did you say?
I said to the problem.
I'm sure you had to.
Because I feel like the parents paid for the wedding.
You're, you're wedding gift was kind of like a honey pot.
Like help pay for our honeymoon.
Like you just said you're not planning on taking anything anytime soon.
Yeah.
And you also did have sponsored content.
It was brand-out.
Yeah.
So you're.
This was the cashment of your house.
I probably made seven figures.
Yeah.
They saved it.
Probably the richer you are.
The more the poorer you look.
Right.
So like if you have like $5 million.
Like we're a suit every day.
If you have a billion dollars, you're wearing like a hoodie to a meeting.
Right.
And if you see how garbage a mirror is dressed today.
It's like that looks like a rich guy.
He doesn't have a shield.
That's BD, you know what?
Thank you.
You look like one dress.
Casey and I are broke.
So.
So does that mean that you got up like 30.
Billions of dollars.
It is dirty.
No.
I'm saying we look amazing.
It's like.
Is your shirt dirty on purpose?
Or did you make it dirty and just not clean it?
It's vintage.
So that's those are grease stains baked in.
That's even if that's a patina of a cloth.
What's that?
It's the cloth patina.
So did he buy it?
And it was dirty already.
Yes, he bought it.
The fabric itself is dirty.
Yes.
Or it's died to blow.
In mechanic named Joe died in that shirt in 1996.
And then Jeff paid $78 for it over on fig.
I imagine.
Right.
The website is very nice.
The website.
The website is fig.
Figaro is the street where the dress stores.
I'm here.
Just focus on your fucking wedding.
I wonder if that's a real grease stain or if they like actually make a fabric.
Okay.
Other than Marty and this can be a pull for the whole room.
Other than Marty.
Do you who do you wish hat wasn't invited?
Wasn't invited.
I didn't say I didn't wish.
Marty wasn't invited.
He didn't.
I already couldn't dance because he had a broken ankle or something.
Yeah.
Looks like he sprayed his foot.
But do you wish he was there holding up your chair?
It would have been nice to have Marty holding up the chair.
But ultimately we had enough able-bodied men to do the lifting.
I was a little worried because people around me were getting hurt all day.
Do you know what happened?
What?
Would you always know something that happened?
I was in their holding up avi-tiles chair.
Billy was to my right between me and over.
We're lifting the chair.
Yeah.
And then I guess behind me it's your-you're about to go up.
And you're yelling Billy Billy.
And Billy holding avi-tile.
Left.
To go grab your chair.
So avi-tile.
Wow.
Exactly right.
Almost fucking come here.
Yeah.
Almost come crashing down.
Because you called the strong man away from your wife.
You're like a man.
Billy Billy.
Lesson 16.
Six of the strongest dudes were currently on somebody else.
So I'm like, I need at least one of those guys.
Probably.
So what that was mean?
What was one of the strongest dudes?
Yeah.
Was you Billy?
Nice.
That was one.
Oh for Jesse.
My cousin was there at one point.
Yeah.
But we needed at least six per chair.
We were running out of bodies fast.
Yeah.
I thought the chair hit the dance floor a little fast.
But it's hard to just push the chair away.
If it got there too early.
When you were coming dance floor a little too fast.
What's that?
I think you hit the dance floor a little too fast.
Oh, it was like our supposed to be like an entrance.
And then the music starts right away.
Yeah.
It's his wedding.
That was fine.
But there's like a certain flow.
I thought the timing was going out.
The horror is always just a great song.
It goes on a little too long.
But there's so many things that you forget about as it's happening.
Oh, wait.
No, I can't idea.
We got to circle the circular dance.
Oh, I forgot all of the guys are going to watch it.
Yeah.
Hold hands and sort of dance around the bride.
Hold legs and dance around the groom.
Jump up and down like a jumping jack for some reason.
Then there's the chairs.
Yeah.
The chairs are on.
The chairs.
I was at the thing because you're just doing like a jazzer size exercise.
Yeah.
And the sun is still up.
Sun was still out a little bit.
I was saying I ended up being fitting because the whole vibe of the wedding was like,
now you have fun.
Now you don't.
What wasn't the fun part?
Yeah.
You're not having fun.
Being seated at a table with Marty.
Yeah.
You know, I didn't appreciate that.
Jesse, my buddy.
He was like, Jeff and Marty have this like a love hate relationship.
I know.
He's like, you guys were arguing a lot during the wedding.
He said at one point to Jeff.
And by said, I mean, he exploded at Jeff.
And this is unrelated to the shirt.
This is a different explosion.
So multiple explosions.
We're like casually talking about like if we ever got married.
But it would look like.
Yeah.
Because I definitely have this bit.
It's not a bit.
We're going to have a double wedding.
We're going to get married at the same time.
Right.
So each other.
And it's all going to be happening.
Like at the same time.
It's not going to be like a double.
Double letting anyway.
We're talking about that.
And then Marty just.
Robs and Johnny.
If you have a wedding.
That's not in Los Angeles.
I am not fucking coming.
I was like, no.
I'm not fucking coming.
He wasn't in LA for this wedding too.
So he didn't have to be angry.
He didn't have to be angry.
Is it slept though with the boo?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, the thing that led up to it was Jeff being like,
if I have a wedding.
I'm not spending time on Marty.
Like I'm saying, thanks for coming and then walking away.
So it was.
You're organizing.
I'm not only Marty was like, if you're wedding's not in Los Angeles,
forget about it.
That's not going to be there.
That's a nice clock.
Yeah.
An explosion.
I saw it coming.
I can see it coming.
Where did you say you wanted to get married?
He didn't.
I didn't even make it.
It doesn't feel like you would have a destination wedding.
It's like a big search.
It's a little bit great.
Yeah.
A deep jins wedding.
I wouldn't do it at the Houdini.
I would do it at the Houdini as well.
Oh, would you just because it mirrored it?
Is there you already did have this?
Yes.
I might do mine at the roundhouse.
I mean, I wouldn't do that either.
Just see.
Seems weird.
Yeah.
To do it where your boss had that.
Did welcome dinner at the roundhouse.
That was Sarah.
Yeah.
Would it be weird if any of us had our weddings at the Houdini mansion.
Now that you have already kind of like laid your claim to it.
I think now that I did it, you guys can sort of do whatever you want.
It would be weird if it was that.
Yeah.
It'd be weird if we did it before you.
I could be worse for you than for me.
Like it wouldn't take anything away from my evening because my evening already happened.
You'd be like, wow, it amir's wedding.
This happened at this.
You'd have to admit that you'd be a little less, you know,
like joyful with their wedding because you've seen it all before.
Yeah.
Well, I think it would be like more relaxed and comfortable and enjoyable.
Would it be weird if I copied literally everything that happened.
Like if Robbie married her and Daniel, again,
I think I would be honored.
I don't know.
It would be exciting to see that you.
Same floor.
My wedding.
Same.
Same guests.
So my camera.
Right.
Yeah.
There's everything.
Same.
I'm wearing her dress.
And wearing a double wedding.
Yeah.
All right.
If you wore her dress, that would really be out.
That would be out.
I knew that we were doing this episode.
So throughout the night I took notes.
This is real.
These are, there are extensive notes.
Yeah.
This is like, you'll see, so anti-social during the wedding.
Yeah, you didn't really make an appointment right?
Almost tabletopped, obviously.
Tell us mom, did you guys do that?
No.
Yeah, I like leaned down on all fours, like right behind her,
but nobody ended up pushing her.
Yeah.
Sorry, not almost as in, like, it was an accident.
You tried.
Yeah, it was a failed attempt.
Well, I did hear someone was crawling behind her a lot,
but I didn't know that would be a lot.
Yeah, I didn't stop because everybody was like,
are you trying to look up her address?
And I was like, no, I'm trying to forget it.
Guys, some guys are crawling around.
Almost like a dog, like, creature.
It was like a done for Leon.
That's what I was talking about.
So as we walk up, the stairs from like,
where everybody got welcomed, there's the statue.
And it's sort of like standing out with like a palm
phasing down like over like a body.
And it's supposed to be like,
who do you need is like making someone levitate or something?
And I walked past and I,
Maria, I think pointed it out or something.
And she was like, did you see that statue?
And I was like, yeah, did you make it move?
And she was like, what?
And I was like, yeah, no, look, if you touch your palm
to the statue, the body underneath it,
like sort of like, swivels.
And she's like, no, I didn't know that.
And I was like, did you read anything about the demon's tape
for get it?
And I was like, and then she was like,
oh, I'll do it on my way out or something like,
five hours later, she got stabbed and she's like,
and I was like, she's like, what is your risk?
And then she looks up and I'm like, you're fucking me it.
No, I'm like, I've done it.
Yeah, I've done it.
That was the only note that you took.
Yeah.
I'm very sorry.
I wouldn't even call that a prank as much as I just call it a lie.
Yeah.
I get that.
And it didn't look like a,
I'm like a movable statue.
Yeah, it really did.
Yeah, I did.
To Jeff's credit.
Is that it?
I wonder what that is.
Yeah.
He's trying to do something.
Let's talk about what I'm, yeah.
So what are we doing?
Are we still, well, I was going to get them
to talk you, so I don't know what they're doing.
OK.
Obviously, tell us, mom, who is singed for like five songs.
Oh, how about?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was our 80s songs.
Yeah, how do I get you alone?
Wait, she was also singing along with me to Natasha
betting fields on written.
Oh, this is my, this is one of my favorite moments
of the wedding is on the dance warp.
We're listening to that.
You were singing along Jake.
Comes on to the dance warp towards the end of the song.
Yeah.
Transitions perfectly into some of you termed kind of life.
And you lost your mind.
Yeah, it was true.
It was true.
She screamed, yes, it's very jumping up and down.
It's good.
And I think you have it on camera, and it is so, so funny.
Is that my favorite song?
I think Billy or somebody was like, you summoned to this song.
I mentioned that.
Oh, like, you manifested this.
Yeah, really dead.
And it felt like I did.
Yeah.
So I walked on to the dance floor and they just knew my,
they knew my entrance music.
Yeah, it was great.
The dancing was very solid.
Yeah, the DJ was really good.
Another recommendation.
Although somebody who got married at the beginning started, do you remember what
the first song was?
Like, because it did start on a low note.
Yeah, it was like really the first song.
Yeah, it was like, it might be a little warm.
It was.
It was a pretty spear.
Oh, toxic.
Yes.
And he started it with, it's Brittany Bleep.
Oh, no.
This night's going to be interesting.
Drushed in 2011.
Did he, who was Brittany Spear sang, Bleep?
No, he didn't.
It was Brittany Bleep.
And he believed.
He said, Bleep.
He felt bad.
Saying the B.
Yeah.
He should have felt bad.
He would finally sing.
And then again.
And then the other.
Okay.
I don't think that the kick off.
This is the last song.
Last song.
Yeah.
It played zombie.
It wasn't the last song.
Yeah.
It was also our idea, though.
Oh, that was not what it was.
It was the last song.
It was zombie.
And then we all sing along.
And that.
Living and delivering.
Right.
So you want to end up living Levitah Loka?
We didn't know whether to end on like zombie.
Because I don't know people would sing along.
Yeah.
Because we wanted like a kind of morose single-long song.
And then we also wanted to potentially end on a song that was more upbeat and exciting.
Right.
So I want to do zombies.
And then live in Levitah Loka.
But you know, you should have, you should have had, like,
for him to fake out last song with zombies.
You didn't tell them to do that.
I think, yeah, we did.
I think you guys should have had like some kind of signal.
Like, hey, if zombie crushes as hard as I think it will.
Yeah.
Call it.
I was actually skeptical.
Because obviously, obviously, it told was the zombie one.
And then we have to sing along.
Zombie was incredible.
I think the only one that beats zombie was everyone's screaming to awareness more
set.
Yeah.
Everybody.
Everybody's voice was so harsh.
Because we're all screaming along.
They loved it.
We were even dancing.
We weren't even dancing.
It was just, it was a fantastic show.
It was like, everyone's just stomping.
Yeah, it's all music.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody loved it.
Man, a lot of it.
But then, so then, I feel like to leave it all on the floor with zombie.
Like,
zombie.
It's just like,
she's it.
She's it.
Like it.
It's like it.
It's just like it's it's like it's.
You're surprised.
It's it's the.
It's the.
I've got the.
You've got to have the best.
Help them dog around.
I mean, it never.
I'm a strategy.
You're a lot next to two thousand three, right?
Yeah.
It was.
It was like a huge dance party.
That point.
It was walking off.
It was great.
It liked.
I think we could review it.
So speaking of that tape, that's all right.
You want this tape?
We were all having fun with you.
You want it to look to sketch.
I just wanted to keep us on schedule
because we're getting kind of out of order.
We talked about the order as we talked about how
Riley lost her phone.
We talked about the other as food.
We talked about how there was.
That was sort of like, did we?
The edge is sort of like scoping out,
like, okay, who's the hottest at the wedding?
I do think it was the guy in the brown plaid suit.
Guy in the brown plaid suit.
I think it was the guy in the blue suit
with the pink shirt.
Couture Montenegro.
Yeah.
I thought he was the most dressed, not hottest.
That's the best dress, that's the best dress.
Yeah.
Who are they talking about?
I don't know these people.
Let's keep it moving because we're the best.
And this is what you wanted to talk about.
You want to.
Let's talk about ceremony.
Right.
Luke walked on the aisle.
That was a highlight.
That was a, can you explain Luke's full name?
Yeah, Lucas Jackson Ash.
Right.
So let's not be tall.
First got Luke.
She wanted to name him after a movie character.
And Lucas Jackson was a right cool hand Luke's full name.
Or Paul Newman's full name and cool hand Luke.
Oh, okay.
So it's Lucas Jackson and then her life.
It was surprised in like the in the program to see
Luke's Jackson Ash.
I didn't realize he was such a gentleman.
Yes.
He was talking about his little talks on and everything.
I got to take a look.
And I was like staring at the program.
I was talking about that.
It was kind of difficult to get on there.
But I think it worked out.
Yeah.
Difficult to get him there.
He's like 10 pounds.
I know, but just like the logistics of like he can't be
coming from.
He has to go somewhere else.
He got to get a friend to bring up and not a friend
from the wedding.
He had a lot of awkward.
It's kind of awkward.
It's like, oh, you bring our dog.
But he can't stand.
Yeah.
He had a cameo.
But he wasn't a welcome.
Yeah.
Correct.
Because he's like, we're doing cameo's for $10.
Yeah.
No, but yeah, we were, it doesn't matter.
That we were staring at the moment of earnestness.
The vows.
Yeah.
Sorry about the vows.
Sure.
Um, they moved me to tears.
Say it's nice to hear.
Yeah.
Did you miss it?
Which was honestly, honestly, it was, we talked pizza.
I was obviously a thousand.
I mean, you cry.
Yes, yeah.
I cried and pretty hard.
It's during, obviously.
Both Caesar and I think it was like this.
Which part for you?
Yeah.
I think it was like, Andrew.
When she started crying.
Yeah.
I think it was like, I broke them down.
I was finding you in the dark.
Oh, that.
Yeah.
The floodgate.
I didn't know how much of it was a quote and how much she added to it.
For sure.
Yeah.
We'll have to review.
Actually, pull up the vows.
Was the quote where you blind and I def, I'd still find you in the dark.
Or was it everything she said?
I don't know.
You didn't even ask?
He didn't care.
My God.
I didn't cry at him here.
I did.
I had already cried.
I cried at him here as well.
I cried at him.
When you have someone who doesn't promote.
Right.
Yeah.
That's like when you started crying, that's when I like fully lost.
I wasn't.
I was laughing so hard.
Yeah.
I was.
I was sitting next to Rose McIver.
Who lived with Amir and I and like we always would talk about how much of an unimotive robot he was.
Yeah.
But if you're ever going to get emotional like I'm like hearing a beautiful speech about myself for five minutes.
And then I have to say a speech myself and then my entire family friends are there.
Yeah.
That was the one thing that pushed me over the emotional.
It wasn't even when you got emotional.
It was just like you even saying any of the stuff that you said in your vows.
Rose and I were just like holding each other's shoulders.
It's amazing.
I wasn't crying but I was just so surprised.
I was like I was joyfully surprised.
I was like I can't believe it.
I was like every single person that we talked to after like Ben Rose,
Billy, all of them were like.
We're proud of him.
Yeah.
We're happy.
I had to happen there.
But then I tried to memorize it so it was like kind of nerve.
Did you just tell a case in your aura?
Yeah.
He's like.
You're up.
He's caught a pretty.
He's trying to help you.
You're up.
Part of your life.
I thought I really liked.
When Avi tells her it hurts.
Like she had her notes with her.
Of course.
Big day.
Like a lot of emotions.
Of course.
Like you.
I would want to have a copy of my vows.
And she goes well.
I'm here.
Did it stay to reading his cheating role.
I'm going to all had hers just in case.
And then I'm here.
You've fully been working as well.
I did say reading.
Yeah.
Here's something really sweet that I saw.
After both of them did their vows.
Which is this is not standard in a wedding.
Like Avi told that her vows.
She's like still crying a little bit.
Everybody's like aw.
And then you just like went around the microphone to give her a hug.
That was just so sweet.
It's so sweet.
You did.
I would say you did like three high fives.
That was very funny.
Yeah.
And Robbie did really well or efficient.
And he's able to like also capture the serious.
But also.
Yeah.
And he's great.
There were jokes.
There was levity.
But there was also gravity.
Are you trying to make us cry right now?
Yeah.
I'll try to update.
Jeff started.
I maybe you didn't start it at the wedding.
But at least ten times during the night.
You did a new type of laugh.
Is that on purpose?
No.
I just need different laughs for the day.
It would be like.
He'd say a joke.
That was like okay.
And then immediately follow it with.
Huh.
Like he was doing the lab on purpose.
Yeah.
Earlier in the night.
Because Jeff does a lot.
Like he'll do a joke in the me like.
But then he was like.
Then we were joking.
We're like what if you didn't even do like the.
We were like.
But then we were like.
I don't know.
I thought it was gonna fun.
I thought it was gonna.
I got a time.
So we'll move past the ceremony.
Dinner.
We talked about the ceremony.
Dinner was the last.
It was the last.
They needed to have juggle for it.
Yeah.
Okay.
You're calling up tables one by one.
And then there's still being so.
Lacks a days ago.
The pizza's not coming out fast.
Because we're waiting to say this for days.
I didn't even eat the pizza.
Yeah.
I don't even know how.
You don't eat a lot of people.
Or that's true.
Did you guys have the pizza?
I had pizza.
I don't even know.
That's salmon.
All right.
Ultimately.
The.
Yeah.
Oh.
I thought we were.
I was.
Uh.
We were.
We were called up in the.
Everyone else.
Yes.
That was tough.
That was tough to hear.
At least for.
It was like the older people first.
Then the most likely to complain.
And then it's like sure.
Everybody else.
It's the first and last name.
Who do you think is most likely to complain at the wedding?
I was parents friends for sure.
It's RIPCAB Luminville.
Anybody's under 50, can just fuck in fend for themselves, totally.
It's the order of authority.
I have a question about.
No one was checking what table you are at when you went to get the food.
I went through the.
The buffet line three or four times before my table was called.
because they felt too bad.
At one point, they did cut you off, and you said,
you can't legally do that.
I know.
And I write a little steal this beat.
Oh, no.
No.
Beat down.
If you have a question about the table orders,
because we were set, I would say, way too close
to where you were supposed to be sitting.
Or I was supposed to be sitting.
Yes, but you never sat down.
Never sat down because it's weird.
You got a table by yourself.
I'm not just going to sit down.
You got a sweet towel.
Yeah.
It's like that.
Hadgum table is in front of the sweet heart table.
Yes.
But ultimately shouldn't that have been your parents?
No, we wanted to keep friends close.
Parents in the back sort of further away from me.
I said it was actually in the back sort of.
Yeah.
Right.
When you guys have kids, so you're already not cool.
But we want to like the cool people up front.
Totally.
Yeah.
I'm like young.
Not everyone.
I was think as the only person sort of like, people stay alone.
They're having children.
That have like a vibrant energy.
Other people might say.
Other people might say, well, we're young.
I love that little time.
I actually, I guess it wasn't the parent table kind of.
Cheer up.
That's what Riley's fucking saying.
I would just like to say something really quick.
And this is fine.
They wasn't a coffee or tea.
That's right.
They're what?
They're on the schedule.
But there wasn't.
Oh, that's true.
That's true.
The babysitter?
Yeah.
They're like, for some kids, they wanted like a potentially a babysitter
to like just wrangle.
But you said, no kids were allowed.
That's right.
I don't really want to be there.
Correct.
But then there's a babysitter.
Some people just shoot that rule.
There were, yeah, there were some kids just hung out with their parents instead.
Yeah.
Rise with this morning, smile with the rising sun.
Five different cakes sat on the table.
Why five cakes?
Yeah.
Is that, could I see your notes?
Okay.
That was all Casey said there was extensive notes on the wedding.
That is a lot of notes more than my vibe.
Five different cakes.
What is that?
A parody of it.
Bob, Bob, three little words.
Got it.
Chocolate.
Birthday.
Sussex.
The Susie cake.
Jordan Game Six.
I'm Jackson Tyson, Jordan.
Yeah.
Lemon cake goes good.
Obviously, it's in charge of the cake.
I don't really care about anything.
I don't think all loved dessert.
That's why dessert showed up.
Yeah.
And then she's like, I want this kind of cake.
And also this kind of cake.
And like, when you say wedding cake, it's like, they charge you like $3,000.
That's true.
They charge everything.
And so, like, let's just get fucking five Susie cakes.
It'll be more delicious, more variety than they want to.
I think that was the smartest.
That was great.
What was everybody's favorite cake?
Let's start with cakes.
Let's see.
I only had a little bit of the lemon cake.
I was, uh, I was working.
Yeah.
It's easy transition to one of my notes, which is Casey's constant woes.
Can you walk us through your experience?
Yes.
Every time I met up with Casey around, he'd be like, man, like, this fucking
BHS thing is giving me a go.
And he did talk like that.
The entire time.
Just.
That's my case.
Casey's constant curls were kind of like the top.
They were popping.
The talk of the town.
Your hair was like kind of going on.
Wow.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
And your outfit matched the VHS of it all.
It really did.
I really, I would know.
1991.
Yeah.
I was really going for that.
I wanted to sit the part.
I wanted to make everyone that didn't know me at the wedding.
Really unsure about what was happening.
There.
Does this guy live at the Houdiniest state?
He's a ghost.
There were moments of the wedding that it, if I didn't have
Placic, I would have thought you were holding a gun.
Oh.
Is that from your notes?
Is that your shot on a picture of the GoPro?
Yeah.
It's why you didn't have Placic.
Just holding a photos of me.
It's not like that.
Yeah.
I'm not even holding anything.
This was you taking a shower that night.
Casey's packing.
Casey's home.
Tell us about your experience.
I thought we were doing everyone's favorite cake.
Yeah.
My name is Susie Cakes.
I only had to take two cakes.
I only had to celebrate.
The blue frosting.
That's one.
That's one of the favorite cakes.
Period.
I love that cake.
It's like the birthday cake.
It's so good.
It was good.
I had that in the lemon.
Both good.
The lemon had like a sugar coating on top.
It was really gritty.
Well.
In addition.
You're a trash.
You were starting.
Why are you guys doing that?
A fucking separate podcast.
What do you guys say?
Just forget it.
I just was talking to Casey.
I was like.
It's starting to get a word in from over here.
So we have to talk about it.
Jeff has started two different polls.
First he started.
How was everything feeling after the wedding?
We'll start with Casey.
And then only Casey got to answer.
And then he goes, what's our favorite cake?
Casey.
What was your experience?
.
Or the small desserts.
The pizza guy made small desserts.
The pizza guys.
That's so cool.
inde minister.
It was like a burnt caramel banana pudding.
It was like the pizza.
It was armaad in a cup.
It passed.
Black's caramelized.
It was caramelized.
I can't take your word for it.
Good, good, genuine word.
That was the worst food of the wedding.
But the rest of the food was like, maybe the best wedding food I've had.
The Alfredo was real it.
We should say.
The Alfredo was.
The Alfredo sauce was.
That's what.
Profile Alfredo sauce was.
Unbelievable.
The truffle pasta.
We were talking a lot about it.
It has to.
We had to.
I don't know where anybody even saw the same.
I waited.
I waited in that line three or four times.
I never saw this.
We were talking to them.
That I'm even.
I'm even.
We were talking to them.
That I'm even.
I'm talking to them.
Damn it.
Sam and Resa beer.
No.
That was like part of the vows was like our good or
Sam.
My wife named.
How long?
Fucking now.
I'm going to.
And we should say we should also say during your first
dance.
You.
You didn't.
Something like.
Fight.
Yeah.
Like remember that I sort of browned out during the first dance and then was like, do you guys practice that I'm like practice what exactly?
Because I felt like we didn't know what we were doing. She's like, yeah, one point now. We told was fake slapping and like, oh, yeah, no, we didn't plan that and
It was kind of the perfect first dance. Yeah, no, we've never done that
It was good. I have a video of that. I think that's okay. Oh, yeah, I have a great video of you and your mom's first dance. That's not you. No, that's the way this is
Avital's dad tripping into the frame of my video
Ultimately it is 11. Yeah, just so we're on the same. We have a whole other segment to get through
Also playing horse or course where we look at horses
Triscan
It's a selfie
All right, let's wrap this up. Let's move on to that our next segment then, but not wrap it up even though we've been here for an hour
Let's move on, but not wrap it up
I did want to before we get to that segment. I did want to nail something down with you guys. Yeah, Casey, how did you feel about the way how many
What did you think about the Truffle pizza? How many guests do you think we're there?
170. Okay, great. So he's finding so
This was on Sunday. He said 170. Great. I'll let us calculate her out. I found this to be kind of a deal when I looked this. That's a huge deal
It's a great deal. It's a good space. Excuse me one second. That's just the venue
That doesn't come with the food. It doesn't I don't even know if it comes with the chairs frankly
And what kind of I think that was a 75% photo booth?
Organic plugs of my notes because the next two were 1920s photo booth and 1940s photo booth. This 1920s
I think it's also cheaper depending on the month. Okay, definitely definitely
But not October they have events every night. So you never gonna act over this shirt for something
Was I close when I said 75
After party there was this kind of like upper area
There was a chair with a quote from Harry who do you mean that just says conquer fear
Spikes on the chair now. Yeah, you have I mean that's nice. It sounds like a basic quote now, but he would go into a
A tub of water covered in like chains and need to like that's
Yeah, it's standing up for Houdini. I'm a Houdini stamp. Yeah
But I feel like we have to add that to like the growing mantra of this show because it's be joy
It's get-wise. It's embellish faith, which is America addition
Embellish faith and new to me and how it's conquer fear
I think you had like you've had five new ones that you forget every single time you think conquer fear will
Stick or no
Can someone add to the had gum wiki page sure is really just bond of bonds of the week right now
Which we didn't do Jeff's a little mantras two word quotes. Yeah
Should we do bond of the week?
It's gotta be billy scoffery because for leaving
Yeah, that one chair going to the other one. That's that's good. I'll do a double chair. I'll do ramen raft for the officiating
Let's rapid fire through the last these notes sparklers slash fire safety thoughts
I might like my co a couple straight sparkler flames
That was half hazard you're not so I think that that was I enjoyed it
But I could see something have like gone wrong
I was very dry olive tree
You legally can't do sparklers in California
You're blaming us for doing it
No, I'm just saying you're right to think it was dangerous and I'm glad nothing
They were also kind of like crowding all of us in to like to you know hold them towards you
But they're like don't hold them over anybody's face
But it's like what we're talking about and you're just raining and your dad is very loose waving
It was trying to pass when off to somebody really quick my bond of the week is Murray can my Uber driver who noticed my phone was in the back of the car
Yeah, with that puppy run
Yeah, whatever man it's my bond of the week you don't have to agree
Next up
I was so many people
I'm sorry
It's just if I take it out on him it literally it's like he can't even register that it's happening
Next no again rapid fight
Next note is pile and I summoned the canyon
Marika Riley pile and I approached a very steep set of lit up stairs
And I'm like oh I bet this is where the mansion is because the mansion not much of a mansion
It couldn't have been more than 1200 square feet ladies
But
Let me just get this
Thank God you have to play that
But Tyler and I had the gall to go up there and
We did the stairs and then we got to the top of the stairs and it was pitch black and nothing
pitch black dirt pitch black dirt pile and I were high
No, we went up to that without
I'm going to camera
I'm thinking those words as you say
Like you guys in the earth
Like you as your fucking rest teacher
He did it
How did she know the words you were going to make up that
But we went up at the stairs and then up and up and up
And we were literally at the top of the laurel canyon
It made my year just to be at the actual what I consider this on it
That's like you love laurel canyon for some reason
The after party let's talk about it. It was like we were promised what a glass tree house and a pool
Nobody swam and also the glass tree house was basically just a hot jail
It was just like glass
A heater running at 80 degrees for some reason
He desperately set to 60 but the temperature at 80 now
And Jeff when we got up to that kind of like will area with the pool
Jeff finally took off his jacket
So Jeff is just kind of lounging
I have a great photo
Did you buy that suit for the wedding
That's an episode of me
I don't see that
That's your impression of me and I didn't say that
Okay, well, we're really running out of time
But I didn't get an answer to the question
I bought the suit to have
But also with the wedding in mind
I pissed off like six different people at the bearded vehicle
I walk in there's a maybe suit on the story
So I'll tell it next week
I bought a suit
As people started to leave slash when I left
People started to like we all hugged goodbye
The first person to hug me goodbye was Ben and he got a mouth full of my hair
And I noticed that and he didn't say anything
But also that happened to you I think
I did not get a mouth full
You kept an echo in it happened to Jesse
And it happened to my friend Jesse hugged you goodbye
I hugged him goodbye
Maybe I shouldn't have done that again
Why is that happening
Because my hair was down at that point
And it was kind of down and out
And so was I
I think I was too short to get
Hey, come on, don't say that
Not a pig myself
He's at a priest
Krace at it and out
This is the final segment
Amir's wedding rubric
You're in truth
It doesn't say rubric
We're going to give it a score
If anybody needs to leave you're welcome too
But whoever wants to stay is going to grade it on this rubric
Because I really didn't put a lot of effort into that
When you should get away
No, no, no
Do it, I just might have to do it
Okay, I think we're all going to leave you
Appearance of the bride, three
We have to read what the rubric says
We're all around
One episode of the night
His smile moved
Plus one's to heart flutters tears of joy for her
And viral jealousy of the groom
Whispers of how the fuck did he end up with her permeated
He actually says permeated the can
He's threatening
More like the white dress as one would expect
One be low standard and pride was fine to bad visual
Three, and yeah
I don't, but without any of the episodes
Of like how did he do that or jealous
Just three, I think so
Three and everyone was here
Here we go, Jake, continue
Appearance of the groom
Group presented himself with confidence and timelessness
And prior actions or action
He was
And forever will be perfect
I don't think it's quite that one
The groom was dressed in a form-fitting black-toxic
As one would expect
So he's not that one either
The groom's appearance evoked that a repulsive
Fungal rot on a bitter and mud-covered
Cherry tomato
D-hydrated and sorry
His voice cracked at the start of everything
He exhibited insecurity at every turn
And he fell down stairs
More than once, there's so many stairs
This smile imbued a
A big G-R-D-A enter
And he is gates and just a group
Early on set, three man syndrome
It's gotta be a one
It's gotta be a one or a dollar
Can the hirrow you weren't three and you were in blue
Not black so we have to go one
So far everybody's agree that it's a four out of this is a possible 27
Materials were selected and created
Modified in ways that made them even better for the purpose
Ivory linen tablecloths
Patinated antique tables, et cetera
Materials, they are
Or construction materials consisted almost entirely of...
I think it's true, yes, we're at a six out of twenty two there, yes,
quality of sound quality of sound, there's like eight.
But the performances of the wedding ceremony and the disc jogging present at the reception
were consisted of wide dynamic range and total contrast grading tapestry of a
oral, oral pleasure that would have made even the Canyon's most musically
gifted innocence come.
We're talking about Joni Mitchell sir.
The doors exactly right.
This was an audible enough that the guests could bear legal witness to marriage.
Nubshells and music were hard to hear, integrate into your ears, drum,
mind's eye.
There was overwhelming feeling in the crowd that
could not be heard was probably not worth giving ear to in the first two.
I think it too.
Yeah, eight out of twenty seven for now.
Yeah, I thought we're not.
The dance music could have been bumping a little harder.
I've heard myself singing zombie to the level that I did.
Exactly right.
I'll ultimately half of that.
The DJ cut out.
So everyone to sing.
Right.
The Vail Flowers Cake and Raised Dance floor were all noticed and appreciated,
and appreciated.
Choice details went above and beyond expectation to the point of sensory
Nirvana.
Unmatch.
What was Nirvana capitalized?
It's the band.
Obviously didn't spell check.
The Vail Flowers Cake and Raised Dance floor were present in some consciously acknowledged.
for one whole flower's cake in Rey's dance
where we're present in an angry fashion
and we're consciously and repetitively scorned
even the wedding's most humble and kind hearted of guests
see Billy Skiffierry's bracelet trips to the bath
bathrooms to quote spice things up.
I did hear a lot of complaints from you
about the dance where it being too slippery.
It was like a bouncy.
Yeah.
So what do you think?
I think this was a two.
Yeah. We'd have to go two.
Okay. Well, yeah.
Actually, you know what?
Let's go three for this one.
There's five different, five different cakes.
So, yeah.
Okay. That's really nice.
Okay. That's kind of an 11 out of 27.
Continuing on.
Demonstration of love.
Frighting groups spoke loudly and clearly.
Their love was visible to guests and its value
was demonstrated through historic examples, shared pet appearances
and emotional care and tours.
The degree of action is named
and the process by which it was created is described.
So a degree.
Let's hear the other categories.
Number two.
To be present, but sources are not exciting.
The wedding itself stood.
This is one.
And we'll continue to stand in attendees memories
as a talisman.
If we're in some serity of heart and muteness of law.
Are you in it?
This is like a fucking madly.
The union is to put it simply.
Not.
I think.
Yeah.
14 out of 27.
Doing well so far.
It's better when I see it.
27.
It's like 18 right now.
All right.
18 27.
It makes it sound like it's really coming up.
27 total.
14.
Time and effort.
Class and time were spent and used wisely.
Much time and effort went into planning,
designing, construction.
Construction.
You can't go.
The guest experience.
It's rentals.
The guest experience as well as the brides and grooms
were considered greatly and fairly special exception for Casey.
And as well as yes, continue.
Case and class and time were spent and used wisely.
Much time and effort went into planning, designing, construction,
writing, groom, could have spent more time considering
the guest experience.
Specifically in regards to inviting so many unknowns.
Unknown.
Like we should say.
Like we had like Sean gun was there.
And then also there was like pushing gun.
I felt that's the second mention of her.
He's Kirk from Go Murder.
He's the body of Rocket Rock.
And number one below average for time and effort.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Little thought or poise went into the planning.
The ceremony and or reception.
Even 40 cakes couldn't mask the guest overwhelming feeling
that they were participating in a lower echelon.
Oh my god.
I'm your line.
I think you're going to say three.
Yeah.
I think I do think three.
Three.
Absolutely.
You were going to say two.
I think a mere a mere gave it a two.
But obviously tells mom gave it a three.
Which is a three.
Knowledge gained.
Attendees were joy.
Got wise.
Embellish faith.
And ultimately conquered fear.
Right.
It was the event of the year.
And will not soon be forgotten.
Attendees were there.
And then we're.
Who did he style?
Yeah.
The only knowledge gained by guests was how much they don't want their
partnership to mirror the horrors and shame of the ash.
Blumenfeld quote union.
A firstical and odd happening.
That not only that not only to basis the sacrament of marriage,
but also to fise the laws of the universe entirely.
The whole thing was in it word.
Bad.
I think it was too.
No.
I think it was three.
All right.
Not bad at all.
Yeah.
We don't say two, two, two.
So it would have been a lot worse if you were a fucking judge.
I know score is going to be 20 out of 27.
Which is low.
It does feel low.
But I mean, it's hard for a wedding to be.
I feel like we gave three.
That's a solid sea, which is a passing.
Great.
You don't want to retake the course.
You don't want to get married again.
No.
It's not going to get married.
If we got an 18 out of 27.
What?
That was a mere wedding.
I have different gay.
Nice nice.
That on the table.
What is that episode coming out on the neck a week from this Friday?
Is that playing the song?
So the head gum, the live shows.
We should plug those.
Yeah.
I'm happy hour.
Unfortunately, we are at time.
Yep.
But no plugs down the line.
Jake, rapid fire gun.
I will be reading Amir's vows at head gum.
Happy hour.
November 6th.
9.
3.
, 9.
9.
89.
10.
And you are making a fun video!
I think you are back.
I'm not going.
All right, so I'll be on Instagram and I'm here and let's end this on you, just some final
parting wisdoms now what?
I planned very little for the wedding and I was pleasantly surprised with all the decisions
that Avi Tull's mother made for the night of July.
He's zooming in on the cost.
He can draw an old, ultimately unblood you guys all were there and had fun and ate well
and danced good.
And yeah, overwhelming, but overjoyed at the same time.
You tried very hard to ruin the evening and I'm glad you were unsuccessful.
And I really hate to ask, how was the consummation?